







Media and Video Production Bootcamp for Teens — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Media and Video Production Bootcamp for Teens


PreviousGraphic Design for Teens - Bootcamp

NextEntrepreneurship for Teens - Bootcamp




Media and Video Production Bootcamp for Teens









Media and Video Production Bootcamp for Teens

from $495.95


Does your teen love to make videos or is interested in making movies?Is he/she/they ready to learn valuable soft skills that they can use in any profession?And, are you looking for ways to improve their college application with community service and internships?Then the 24/7 Video Production Bootcamp for Teens is just the answer. Whether it’s a short film, a full-length movie, a business marketing video, a television commercial, a music video, or other types of video, your teen will learn video production and media design hands-on and be fully immersed in one of the most in-demand professions in recent years.


Bootcamp Options and Duration:: 


Select Bootcamp Options and Duration:
Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship, Career Coaching, and Job Guarantee




Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace

8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship

10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship, Career Coaching, and Job Guarantee




Quantity:




Register Today








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0









About this Boot Camp:Congratulations, you are starting your journey to learning Video design and production.  Whether it’s a short film, a full-length movie, business marketing video, television commercial, music video, or other types of film, the process may vary a little with the specifics. However, still, the overall process is essentially the same. The basic process can be broken down into three subcategories: pre-production, production, and post-production. In this program, you will:Write, produce, film, and edit a video.Understand the entire video process from pre-production to post-production.Learn to use and operate film, audio, and lighting equipment.Explore the roles and responsibilities of the video team.Learn with Experiential Curriculum - Everything is hands-on and a part of your professional portfolio.Receive Mentorship and Coaching from industry professionalsWho Takes This Program:Teen Learners with interest in Media design and Video production



Attendance and Technology Requirements:This course is available via our Virtual  Classrooms, for Remote participation.  (Learn and participate remotely with your class) Program Duration:  8 Weeks:Approximate Time requirements per week: 5 Hours: (Approximate time - Actual time is based on how efficiently you work)One 1 hour live group class4 hours asynchronous assignmentsAt Graduation You Receive:Certificate of CompletionPortfolio of completed work and proof of performanceLetter of Recommendation based on performanceReceive Mentorship and Coaching with industry professionals



Start Your Portfolio and gain Real-World-Practical-ExperienceYou will spend your time learning, working with your mentor, and working on a real project for a live client, so you’ll leave the program with a portfolio of professional projects and practical work experience.

 











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






