







UX for Teens - Bootcamp — 24/7 Teach — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

UX Design for Teens


PreviousPositive Citizenship in the Age of Social Media: Is your child or Teen Safe - Book

NextReal Estate for Teens - Advanced




UX Design for Teens









UX Design for Teens

from $495.95


Is your Teen creative and interested in learning UX/Ui Design?Are you looking for:Ways for your Teen to learn UX/UI design,  gain real-world professional experience, and earn a certificate before college?Live one-on-one mentorship so that your Teen feels supported every step of the way?Flexible learning options that fit your budget and their schedule?Then the 24/7 UX/UI Bootcamp for Teens is for you.In our hands-on UX/UI Bootcamp, your Teen, will learn Ux/Ui design hands-on, and get the essential real-world experience demanded by top universities and potential employers.Have Questions? > Get in touch with us! →


Bootcamp Options and Duration: 


Select Bootcamp Options and Duration
Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship, Career Coaching, and Job Guarantee




Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace

8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship

10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship, Career Coaching, and Job Guarantee




Quantity:




REGISTER NOW > START YOUR TEEN’S JOURNEY TO BECOMING A UX/UI DESIGNER →








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0









Career Outlook - UX Designer:



UX Designers make an average salary of $89,000 .




    Learn more > See Career Outlook →
  



Have Questions about this Bootcamp?




    Get Answers > See answers to Our Frequently Asked Questions →
  



Our graduate superstars have positions with some amazing companies.Start learning and gain lifetime access to the 24/7 alumni-mentorship community.

























































Hear from a 24/7 Teen Graduate:Each Teen Superstar completes different activity presentations explaining what they have accomplished in each activity.



About your UX/UI Design Mentor:Chris Shitong Lyu Chris - Shitong Lyu is a Senior UX/UI Design Superstar with 24/7 Teach. He specializes in UI design and UX research. Chris has is a bachelor’s degree of Science in Human-Centered Design & Engineering from the University of Washington.Guest Mentors include other 24/7 UX/UI designers specializing in UX Research, Writing, and General Design.




















Bootcamp Course Examples:












Why 24/7 Teach?:24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.



Start Learning today:



Register today and take advantage of the  24/7 LEARN-DO-BE Guarantee:You will Learn UX Design, Do UX Design, and Be a Professional UX Designer with real-world experience. Guaranteed!




    REGISTER Now > Start your Teen’s Journey to BECOMe A UX Designer →
  















Need a more flexible payment plan?



We can set up a custom payment plan for our 8-week or 10 Month Advanced Bootcamps that better suits your needs. Book a call with an admissions specialist to learn more.




    LOOK AT AVAILABLE PAYMENT OPTIONS → 
  















Are you a school interested in offering this Bootcamp to your learners?




    Book a Call > Discuss programs for your School → 
  













  











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






