







Introduction to Real Estate investing - Teens — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Real Estate for Teens - Advanced


PreviousUX Design for Teens

NextGraphic Design for Teens - Bootcamp




Real Estate for Teens - Advanced









Real Estate for Teens - Advanced

$6,595.95

Do you want your Teen to own a home one day and learn the valuable communication and critical thinking skills needed to be a successful real estate professional?Are you also looking forWays for your Teen to try the real estate investing profession, gain real-world experience, and earn a certificate to boost their college applications?Live one-on-one mentorship so that your Teen is supported every step of the way?Flexible learning options that fit your budget and their schedule?Then the 24/7 Real Estate Investment Bootcamp for Teens is for you.In our hands-on Bootcamp, Your Teen will learn real estate investing hands-on and gain the essential skills and real-world experience demanded by top universities and potential employers.Have Questions > Get in touch with us →

Quantity:




START YOUR TEEN’S JOURNEY TO BECOME A REAL ESTATE INVESTOR. REGISTER NOW  →








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0









Career Outlook - Real Estate Investor:



Real Estate Investors make an average salary of $81,345. 




    Learn more > See Career Outlook →
  



Have Questions about this Bootcamp?




    Get Answers > See answers to Our Frequently Asked Questions →
  



Our graduate superstars have positions with some amazing companies.Start learning and gain lifetime access to the 24/7 alumni-mentorship community.

























































Hear from a Bootcamp Parent:





View fullsize








 

About your Real Estate Investment Mentor:Rick Dassler - 24/7 Real Estate Investment MentorRick Dassler is a Professional Real Estate Investor and Mortgage Broker with over 20 years of investment experience.  He has worked with and trained hundreds of real estate professionals and has a passion for working with newcomers to the industry.  He is a staunch advocate for building generational wealth and financial independence through real estate. 




















Bootcamp Course Examples:










 

Why 24/7 Teach?:24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.



Start Learning today:



Register today and take advantage of the  24/7 LEARN-DO-BE Guarantee:Your Teen will Learn Real Estate Investing, Do Real Estate Investing, and Become a Professional Real Estate Investor with real-world experience. Guaranteed!




    REGISTER Now > Start your Teen’s Journey to BECOMe A real Estate investor →
  















Need a more flexible payment plan?We can set up a custom payment plan for our 8-week or 10 Month Advanced Bootcamps that better suits your needs. Book a call with an admissions specialist to learn more.




    Look at available Payment options →
  















Are you a school interested in offering this Bootcamp to your learners?




    Discuss programs for your School → 
  











  











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






