







UX/UI Design Bootcamp — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

UX/UI Design Bootcamp


Previous12th and 11th Grade - College Admissions Group Program: 2 Payment Option

NextDigital Marketing Bootcamp




UX/UI Design Bootcamp









UX/UI Design Bootcamp

from $495.95


Are you looking to get hired as a UX/UI Designer but don’t know where to start?Do you want…Live one-on-one mentorship, so you are supported every step of the way?Ways to build your portfolio with real projects and experiences that organizations are looking for?Flexible learning options that fit your budget and your schedule?Career coaching to ensure you are job ready, with a job Guarantee?Then the 24/7 Instructional Design Bootcamp is for you.In our hands-on Bootcamp, you will get the essential on-the-job experience demanded by potential employers. You will learn UX/UI design and work directly with a UX/UI mentor and team to plan, research, and design actual UX/UI projects used by real users and organizations.Have Questions? > Get in touch with us →


Bootcamp Options and Duration: 


Select Bootcamp Options and Duration
Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace8 Week Immersive - Slow Paced with More Mentorship10 Month Advanced - with Mentorship and Job Guaranteed




Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace

8 Week Immersive - Slow Paced with More Mentorship

10 Month Advanced - with Mentorship and Job Guaranteed




Quantity:




REGISTER  > BECOME AN UX/UI DESIGNER →








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0







 

Career Outlook - UX Designer:



UX Designers make an average salary of $89,000.




    Learn more > See Career Outlook →
  



Have Questions about the 24/7 UX/UI Design Bootcamp? We've got you covered.




    SEE ANSWERS to FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS  →
  

 

In this Bootcamp, you learn UX/UI Design by doing real projects and gaining real professional experience.













Our graduate superstars have positions with some amazing companies.Start learning and gain lifetime access to the 24/7 alumni-mentorship community.

























































About your UX/UI Design Mentor:Chris Shitong Lyu Chris - Shitong Lyu is a Senior UX/UI Design Superstar with 24/7 Teach. He specializes in UI design and UX research. Chris has is a bachelor’s degree of Science in Human-Centered Design & Engineering from the University of Washington.Guest Mentors include other 24/7 UX/UI designers specializing in UX Research, Writing, and General Design.




















Bootcamp Course Examples:










 

Why 24/7 Teach?24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.We were designed for people who are committed to their success and want to create something real.



Start Learning today:Register today and take advantage of the One on One Mentorship and the Job-Guarantee:— You will Learn Instructional Design, Do Instructional Design, and Be a Professional Instructional Designer with real-world experience. Guaranteed!




    REGISTER > BECOME A UX/UI DESIGNER →
  

 













Need more flexible payment plans and financing?We offer two options:

 

1. Short-Term Payment Plan: We can set up a short-term payment plan for our 8-week or 10-Month Advanced Bootcamps that better suits your needs.  
















    LOOK AT Short Term PAYMENT OPTIONS →
  

 

2. Long-Term Financing: - Apply with our partner Flexxbuy and benefit from low monthly payments over an extended period. *Installments depend on your approved interest rate.
















    look at Extended Monthly payment Options →
  

 











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






