







Intro to Game Design for Teens - Bootcamp — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Intro to Game Design for Teens - Bootcamp


PreviousWriting and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp

Next24/7 Teen Superstar Development Program




Intro to Game Design for Teens - Bootcamp









Intro to Game Design for Teens - Bootcamp

$295.00


Quantity:




Register Today








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0









About this Program:Does your teen like video games or digital game design?Is he/she/they ready to learn valuable soft skills that they can use in any profession? And, are you looking for ways to improve their college application with community service and internships?Then the 24/7 Intro to Game Design Bootcamp for Teens is just the answer. Your teen will get an introduction to game design and theory hands-on, perform community service, and gain internship experience to enhance their college applications and boost their future career.  REGISTER TODAY AND GIVE YOUR TEEN THE 24/7 ADVANTAGE.



What Will You Do:










Your teen learns asynchronously and synchronously with learners from all over the globe. 





Learn in Online Classrooms - Participate with learners from all over the world.Learn by Doing - Everything is hands-on and can be added to your college application portfolioWork with Real Client Projects - Gain internship experience as a digital game designer while you learnParticipate in a Community Service Project - Using the digital game design skills you develop in the Boot campWork with a 24/7 Mentor - to develop your digital game design portfolio and get you college and job-ready.Receive Career Coaching - to ensure your resume, portfolio, and interviewing skills are ready to land a professional opportunity in Digital Game Design or seamless enrollment in a collegiate program.



What Will You Learn:

Hear what a recent graduate accomplished in the Bootcamp.

Introduction to Game Design and TheoryGame Psychology and Player MotivationGame MechanicsStory and Game StructureVisual Game Design and AnalysisGame AnalysisTips for launching a career in Game DesignBuilding a Game Design PortfolioHow to collaborate and problem-solve within a team - (Work with an actual client to build your portfolio and show real-world-practical experience)Presentation and Public Speaking Skills



Attendance and Technology RequirementsThis course is available via our Virtual  Classrooms, for Remote participation.  (Learn and participate anywhere you can access the internet)Technology NeedsLaptop, access to the internet, and at the very least a notepad and penProgram Duration:  8 Weeks:Approximate Time requirements per week: 5 Hours: (Approximate time - Actual time is based on how efficiently you work)One 1 hour live group class4 hours asynchronous assignments



At Graduation You Receive:Certificate of CompletionPortfolio of completed work and proof of performance Internship opportunities to continue to build your portfolio to support college and job readinessAccess to the 24/7 Game Design Mentorship CommunityCollege or professional recommendation (based on performance)Access to College and Job-Readiness Coaching Receive a free e-book: Teen Social Skills 101: A Guide to Surviving the Most Awkward Time of Your Life - Book



Your Digital Marketing Bootcamp Mentor:










Justice Jones - 24/7 Digital Marketing Mentor





Justice Jones is a transformational leader, educator, entrepreneur, digital marketer, curriculum developer, and business strategist. He has an MBA and BA in Economics and firmly believes that total freedom is being completely committed to something bigger than yourself.Guest Mentors include numerous experts in SEO, Content Marketing, Copy Writing, and Marketing Analytics.



The 24/7 Teach Story:24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.













Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






