







Unlock Your Teen's Full Potential: Teen Accountability & Academic Performance Coaching — 24/7 Teach
























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.









 

Academic & Accountability CoachingUnlock your Teen’s true potential with our proven academic performance & accountability coaching.

  


     INTERESTED? SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION - ☏
  

 








Is your Teenager struggling to find their path? Are they unsure of their goals or how to achieve them? Our teen academic performance and accountability program is the solution you've been searching for.



Our coaching programs have helped our Teen superstars get accepted to: 















    Register Today! Transform your Teen’s life →
  



Your Teen will be more accountable and have:





View fullsize












View fullsize












View fullsize












View fullsize












View fullsize












View fullsize










Some of our Success Stories:














Choose the 1-on-1 Coaching Program that supports your Teen’s Goals:













Investment: $195.95
Experience a Small Immediate Breakthrough with your Teen! 



Enroll Today →


















Investment: $1695.95
Empower your Teen with Consistent Progress & Growth!* Includes a Self-Guided Course and Resources* Access to the 24/7 Mentorship Community* Access to Guided Community Service Project* Results Guaranteed



Enroll Today →


















Investment: $2495.95
Transform your Teen’s Life with Comprehensive Coaching!* Includes a Self-Guided Course and Resources* Access to the 24/7 Mentorship Community* Access to Guided Community Service Project* Access to a Career Skill Development Internship* Results Guaranteed



Enroll Today →








Get the Results you want for your Child - Guaranteed! Our expert coaches work closely with your teen to discover their true selves, identify their core values, set ambitious yet achievable academic and personal goals, and create a customized plan that empowers them to take control of their lives, academics, and future. 




    Learn more about our Guarantee - ☏
  



Frequently Asked Questions:








            What is Academic Performance and Accountability Coaching and how is it different from Tutoring? 
          









Academic performance and accountability coaching focuses on helping teens develop essential skills and habits that contribute to their overall success, not only in academics but also in other aspects of their lives. Our approach involves working closely with the teen to identify their strengths, weaknesses, and goals. We then create a personalized plan that addresses specific needs, promotes personal responsibility, and fosters a growth mindset.Some key areas that academic coaching covers include:Time management: Helping teens develop effective strategies for organizing their schedule and prioritizing tasks.Goal-setting: Assisting in setting realistic and achievable short-term and long-term goals.Study skills: Enhancing techniques for note-taking, active reading, and studying for exams.Motivation: Boosting intrinsic motivation and finding ways to maintain it.Problem-solving: Equipping teens with strategies to address challenges and overcome obstacles.Decision-making: Guiding teens in making informed choices and understanding consequences.Self-discipline: Encouraging self-control and consistency in daily habits.On the other hand, tutoring focuses primarily on providing academic assistance in a specific subject area. A tutor's primary goal is to help students understand and master the course material, clarify doubts, and improve their grades. Tutoring often involves reviewing class materials, explaining concepts, and providing guidance on homework assignments and test preparation.While both academic performance coaching and tutoring aim to improve a student's academic performance, they address different aspects of the learning process. Academic coaching provides a more comprehensive approach to personal growth and skill development, while tutoring focuses on subject-specific knowledge and problem-solving.In summary, academic performance coaching is designed to build a strong foundation of learning skills, habits, and mindset that will benefit the student in all aspects of their academic life, whereas tutoring is more targeted towards overcoming challenges in specific subjects.








            Who can benefit from this service?
          









This service is ideal for teenagers or young adults (ages 11-21) who are looking to improve their academic performance, personal development, social skills, or any other area they want to excel in. It can also help teens and young adults struggling with motivation, time management, or goal-setting.  Parents can also benefit from the sessions if they participate. 








            Do you offer an Guarantee and how does it work? 
          









Yes, we offer a guarantee because we believe in the results we can achieve with your Teen. Our Guarantee is simple: We will continue to work with your Teen until the agreed-upon results are achieved. 








            How long does the coaching process take?
          









The duration of the coaching process depends on the individual's goals and progress. Some teens may see significant improvements within a few weeks or months, and others may require longer-term coaching to reach their desired outcomes. The coaching relationship is flexible and can be adjusted to suit your Teen’s needs








    FAQ - SEE ANSWERS TO MORE FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS →
  



Unlock the 24/7 Superstar Parent & Teen Support Network: Join our vibrant community of superstar teens and families, sharing guidance, learning from successes and challenges, and forging meaningful, lifelong connections from all over the globe. 




    Enroll Today! Unlock your child’s true potential →
  

 

Get the results you want for your child, Starting today.

 








Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






