







Writing and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Writing and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp


PreviousInvesting for Teens  Bootcamp

NextIntro to Game Design for Teens - Bootcamp




Writing and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp









Writing and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp

from $495.95


Does your teen need to improve their writing and communication skills?Are you looking for:Ways for your Teen to learn and improve their writing and communication skills, gain real-world professional experience, and earn a certificate before college?Live one-on-one mentorship so that your Teen feels supported every step of the way?Flexible learning options that fit your budget and their schedule?Then the 24/7 Writing and Communications Bootcamp for Teens is for you. In our hands-on Writing and Communications Bootcamp, your Teen will learn and improve their writing and communication skills hands-on and get the essential qualifications and real-world experience demanded by top universities and potential employers.Have Questions? > Get in touch with us! →


Bootcamp Options and Duration:: 


Select Bootcamp Options and Duration:
8 Week Immersive - includes One on One Mentorship, Community Project, and Mastermind StudySelf-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace10 Month Advanced - Mentorship, Community Service project, and Internship




8 Week Immersive - includes One on One Mentorship, Community Project, and Mastermind Study

Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace

10 Month Advanced - Mentorship, Community Service project, and Internship




Quantity:




Register Today








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0









What Will You Do:










Your teen learns asynchronously and synchronously with learners from all over the globe. 





Learn in Online Classrooms - Participate with learners from all over the world.Learn by Doing - Everything is hands-on and can be added to your college application portfolioWork with Real Client Projects - Gain internship experience as a writer and publicist while you learnParticipate in a Community Service Project - Using the writing and communications skills you develop in the BootcampWork with a 24/7 Mentor - to develop your writing and communications portfolio and get you college and job-ready.Receive Career Coaching - to ensure your resume, portfolio, and interviewing skills are ready to land a professional opportunity as a writer or publicist or seamless enrollment in a collegiate program.



What Will You Learn:

Hear what a recent graduate accomplished in their Bootcamp.

Multimedia storytelling and how to write blogs, news stories, fundraising drives, marketing campaigns, and personal narratives...Marketing and Strategic Communications Writing Persuasive Writing Editing skills and Adaptable communicationTips for launching a career as a writer or publicistBuilding a writing and communications portfolioHow to collaborate and problem-solve within a team - (Work with an actual client to build your portfolio and show real-world-practical experience)Presentation and Public Speaking Skills



Attendance and Technology RequirementsThis course is available via our Virtual  Classrooms, for Remote participation.  (Learn and participate anywhere you can access the internet)Technology NeedsLaptop, access to the internet, and at the very least a notepad and penProgram Duration:  8 Weeks:Approximate Time requirements per week: 5 Hours: (Approximate time - Actual time is based on how efficiently you work)One 1 hour live group class4 hours asynchronous assignments



At Graduation You Receive:Certificate of CompletionPortfolio of completed work and proof of performance Internship opportunities to continue to build your portfolio to support college and job readinessAccess to the 24/7 Writing and Communications mentorship communityCollege or professional recommendation (based on performance)Access to College and Job-Readiness Coaching Receive a free e-book: Teen Social Skills 101: A Guide to Surviving the Most Awkward Time of Your Life - Book



Your Lead Writing and Communications Mentor:

















Diallyo Diggs - 24/7 Lead Mentor





Diallyo is an entrepreneur, educator, and expert communicator with an MBA, a Juris Doctorate, and a BS in Criminal Justice.   He specializes in corporate finances and strategy, college entrance test prep (SAT, LSAT, GRE, and ACT), and is a college entry specialist.Diallyo has a great passion for finance and mentoring young learners. He considers himself a lifelong student and teacher and always looks for ways to learn and improve in every business situation he encounters.



The 24/7 Teach Story:24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.

 











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






