







Learn Do Be: A New Way To Teach - Book — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Learn Do Be: A New Way To Teach - Book


PreviousMastery-Based rubric and Grades Tracker

NextTeen Social Skills 101: A Guide to Surviving the Most Awkward Time of Your Life  - Book




Learn Do Be: A New Way To Teach - Book









Learn Do Be: A New Way To Teach - Book

$14.95

This is a must read book for new teachers, homeschool parents, and experienced educators looking to use Project-Based Learning in their classrooms or trainings.Studies show that Project-Based Learning is the most effective way to learn, but is the hardest to teach.  In this book you will learn proven techniques and strategies to easily deliver Project-Based Learning in classrooms, homeschools, and training environments.  Your learners will… LEARN, DO, and BE“Do you ever feel as if your students do not remember the content you teach them when it comes time to review? Do you feel as if you can’t seem to “reach” your students? These feelings are all too common in classrooms, homeschools, and training environments today.”  In this book, you will discover the 24/7 Success Driven Teaching Model, which will help propel your students to make master content and create value in their work. This book will help you delve deep into the Success Driven Model by providing the “why” behind each step. Not only will you be provided with the importance of each step of the framework, but you will be able to read and visualize tried-and-true examples from classroom teachers. Not only will this book help you become a better teacher, but you will learn the importance of establishing and forming success habits in your students.


Purchase and Download 








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0
















Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






