







Financial Literacy for Teens — 24/7 Teach



























































































































Sign In
My Account




















For Teens


For Adults


For Organizations


News & Events


              About Us
            







Back


            Mega For Teens
          



Back


            Mega For Adults
          



Back


            Mega For Organizations
          



Back


            Mega for news
          






































Sign In
My Account





































































For Teens

Mega For Teens


For Adults

Mega For Adults


For Organizations

Mega For Organizations


News & Events

Mega for news

About Us







Learn, Create, and Change the World.













Education-Marketplace

Investing for Teens  Bootcamp


PreviousEntrepreneurship for Teens - Bootcamp

NextWriting and Communications for Teens - Bootcamp




Investing for Teens  Bootcamp









Investing for Teens  Bootcamp

from $495.95


Is your teen undisciplined or clueless when it comes to $$$$ and investing?Is he/she/they ready to learn valuable soft skills that they can use to be successful in high school, college, and beyond?And, are you looking for ways to improve their college applications with community service?Then the Investing for Teens Bootcamp is just the answer. Your teen will learn personal, business finance, cryptocurrency, debt management, investing in stocks or mutual funds hands-on, and focus on building good financial habits before it is too late.Give your teen one of the most life-changing gifts you can give as a loving parent; the knowledge of financial self-sufficiency and investing!


# of Weeks: 


Select # of Weeks
Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship and Career Coaching




Self-Paced - Learn and Work at your own pace

8-Week Immersive - Slow Paced, includes One on One Mentorship

10-Month Advanced - One on One Mentorship and Career Coaching




Quantity:




Register Today








Facebook0



Twitter



LinkedIn0



Pinterest0









What will your Teen Do?

 

Your Teen will develop a compelling Portfolio and gain Real-World-Practical-Experience. — They will:Learn Remotely -  Participate from anywhere, on any smart device.Expand their Network - Collaborate with learners from all over the world using Zoom and Slack.Learn by Doing - Everything is hands-on and can be added to enhance their portfolio and college applications.Work with a 24/7 Mentor -  to get guidance, feedback, technical assistance, and more during and beyond class hours. Receive Career Coaching - to ensure their resume, portfolio, and interviewing skills stand out to support seamless enrollment in a collegiate program.Participate in a Community Service Project - Improve their community using their Financial Literacy skills to strengthen their portfolio and college applications.










Your teen learns asynchronously and synchronously with learners from all over the world 





What will your Teen Learn?Our activity-driven boot camp equips teens with the critical tips, strategies, and tools to develop personal and business financial literacy.Topics include:



Personal FinanceMoney Management - Control Your Cash FlowDebt and Credit - Use--Don't AbuseTaxesInvesting - Money Working for YouFinancial Services- How to care for your cashCrypto CurrencyInsurance - Protect what you haveGenerational WealthPresentation and Public Speaking SkillsSoft Skills Include:CollaborationProblem SolvingEmpathySelf ReflectionResearchingLeadership and Mentorship










See how your Teen will be evaluated at the end of the Bootcamp.












The Success Habits your Teen will practice throughout the Bootcamp.





How will your Teen Learn?Your Teen will engage in compelling discussions and work on three engaging assignments that include:A Reading and Discussion Assignment - to improve literacy, critical thinking and inspire rigorous dialogue.A Course Assignment - For flexible learning and participation in community discussions.A Real-World Project - to immediately apply knowledge within authentic work situations.




















The Success Habits your Teen will practice throughout the Bootcamp.





Frequently Asked Questions:What are the technology requirements?This boot camp can be accessed by any device with internet access and is completed via the 24/7 Teach App, (Course) Zoom (Video Conferencing), and Slack (Communication). (Learn and participate anywhere you can access the internet)Other Needs:Pen and NotebookHow long is the program?  2 Week Immersive Program4 Week ProgramWhat are the time requirements per week, and is there flexibility in scheduling?4-Week Program:4 Hours: (Approximate time - Actual time may vary)1 - One hour live remote group or one on one session per week - (Flexible Scheduling is available to support busy schedules)3 hours asynchronous assignments - (Completed individually on your own time)2 Week Immersive Program:8 Hours: (Approximate time - Actual time may vary)2 -One hour live remote group or one on one session per week- (Flexible Scheduling is available to support busy schedules)6 hours - asynchronous assignments - (Completed individually on your own time)Who should attend?Teen Learners ages 14 to 19What is the maximum number of learners allowed per cohort?Each cohort has a maximum of 12 learners enrolled.What will I have once I graduate?Certificate of CompletionPortfolio of completed work and proof of performanceInternship opportunities to continue to build your portfolio to support college and job readinessAccess to the 24/7 Digital Marketing mentorship communityCollege or professional recommendation (based on performance)Access to College and Career Readiness Coaching A free e-book: Teen Social Skills 101: A Guide to Surviving the Most Awkward Time of Your Life - Book

 

At Graduation You Receive:Certificate of CompletionPortfolio of completed work and proof of performance Internship opportunities to continue to build your portfolio to support college and job readinessAccess to the 24/7 finance mentorship communityCollege or professional recommendation (based on performance)Access to College and Job-Readiness Coaching Receive a free e-book: Teen Social Skills 101: A Guide to Surviving the Most Awkward Time of Your Life - Book

 

Your Financial Literacy Bootcamp Mentor:

 

Diallyo is an entrepreneur, educator with an MBA, a Juris Doctorate, and a BS in Criminal Justice.   He specializes in corporate finances and strategy, college entrance test prep (SAT, LSAT, GRE and ACT), and is a college entry specialists.Diallyo has a great passion for finance and mentoring young learners. He considers himself a lifelong student and teacher and always looks for ways to learn and improve in every business situation he encounters. 










Diallyo Diggs - 24/7 Financial Literacy Bootcamp Mentor





The 24/7 Teach Story:

 

24/7 Teach was founded in 2014 on the premise of eradicating education inequality through the use of technology and a “Learn by Doing” instructional approach.  Watch the video to learn more.

 











Have questions? Schedule an appointment with a 24/7 Admission Specialist.




    Book A 10-minute chat - ☏
  





Sign Up
Enter your email for exclusive access to the latest news, cutting-edge resources, and powerful insights from the 24/7 Teach!





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Unlock Your Success Now! →




We respect your privacy. By providing us with your email, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Thank you!







24/7  Education
105 West 125th St - Front 1 #1221,
New York, NY, 10027,
United States
646-751-8901
info@247teach.org


Hours
Mon 10am - 8pm
Tue 10am - 8pm
Wed 10am - 8pm
Thu 10am - 8pm
Fri 10am - 5pm
Sat 10am - 3pm




Log In
Log in
Company
Join Our Team
Contact Us
24/7 Affiliate Program
Buy 24/7 Swag
More Information
Additional payment options
Marketplace
Free Workshops and Events
Download the 24/7 Teach App
Free Sessions and Resources
Success Saturdays Sessions
Legal
Privacy Policy
Non Discrimination Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy






















































Copyright @ 2023 -  24/7 Education Inc. All rights reserved.













Tabs






